Overview: equivariance(D4), inverted bottleneck with depthwise convolution, attention, film injection.
The model will have a stem-trunk-head architecture, in which multiple heads interpret the same latent information generated by trunk.
Input:
    Input by design will be as simplistic as possible, having a 4 plane setup of my stones, opponent stones, illegal play due to simpleko, and illegal play due to superko.
Heads:
    Tactic heads(binary planes, provides dense supervision signal and sanity check): 
        Non-trivial illegal moves(suicide(set to full plane of 0 if suicide is allowed), superko/ko).
        My/opponent stones with 1,2,3 liberties. 
    Spatial heads(scalar planes with value \in 0,1):
        Policy(policy uses a pooled branch to evaluate whether to pass, policy space is H*W+1)
        Ownerhsip
    Global heads(dense percentile distribution):
        Score: Winrate, scalar score lead and other stuff are all recoverable from this. This also makes komi and capture count a simple shift on the output, which is advantageous in simplicity but bad for implicitly integrating different play style based on board condition. A film injection at start of policy head is needed, with the pipeline being the score head predicts board status without komi/prisoner, engine shifts it, policy reads shifted score signal. The gradient from policy head is not passed into score head. The trunk is intentionally not given this information as it should focus on board characteristics. The dense percentile refers to 31 heads, separating score distribution into 32 segments.

Equivariant Convolution: I'm a bit fuzzy on how irreducible representation works but I fully know how regular representation works in context of convolution. Regular representation could be wasteful as eventually the directional information(such as edge recognition) becomes less important, and invariant information(such as eyes) becomes more important.

Equivariant Attention: A custom attention is perhaps needed. Again I know how this works on regular representation but not how it works on irreducible representations.

Film injection: Rule will be injected through film modification, once at start of trunk and once at end of trunk. The percentile distribution of score will be injected at start of policy. MLPs will be used to process the rulel vector and percentile distribution into the appropriate dimension for weight and bias.